	I enjoyed completing this homework. It gave me a lot of necessary exposure to how APIs work. One thing I had to deal with was keeping my API usage to a certain limit. This was especially true with the Weathermap API key that I was using when I was completing my WeatherPy Jupyter Notebook. I almost immediately got temporarily blocked due to exceeding limitations. The same issue happened to me again when I was working on my analysis later. Even after I finished my analysis and tried to push some minor changes to Github I was having issues doing so with me getting the error your API key is temporarily blocked when running certain cells in my WeatherPy Jupyter Notebook.
	Plotting the data when I was completing the WeatherPy Jupyter Notebook was a lot of fun. I can see that the city latitude has a positive correlation with maximum temperature up to a certain point. After that certain point, a city latitude of 10 on my graph, city latitude has a negative correlation with maximum temperature. There does not seem to be any correlation between city latitude and humidity. There also does not seem to be any correlation between city latitude and cloudiness. There also does not seem to be any correlation between city latitude and wind speed.
	Plotting the linear regression was a lot of fun for me as well. Outputting the r squared for each regression line I generated helped me determined which correlations I was plotting were more meaningful than others. The high r squared values for both the northern and southern hemisphere for the maximum temperature versus latitude plot confirms what I said earlier about the city latitude having a positive correlation with maximum temperature up to a certain point where the city latitude has a negative correlation with maximum temperature. 
	When I used my Google API Key to complete the Vacation Py Jupyter Notebook, I did not face as many issues in terms of limits on the amount of data I was able to use as I faced when completing my WeatherPy Jupyter Notebook. I stored my results from Part 1 into a dataframe. I then configured gmaps and added the heatmap layer to the map. I created a new dataframe which fitted data criteria that I created where the maximum temperature is greater than 20, the wind speed is less than 10, and the cloudiness is greater than 40. 
	The heat map shows some interesting trends. The heat map shows the relative intensity of values captured by eye tracker. Looking at the heat map shows the amount of user interaction. I had to install seaborn in order to be able to generate the heatmap. I used the command import seaborn as sns in order to be able to generate the heat map. The heat map shows the difference in humidity that various hotels have. I feel like I learned a lot about using APIS in Python while completing this assignment. 

